README.md, before:

# Track Suggester

#### Track Suggester Exercise for Epicodus, 8/12/2016

#### By Zachary Matthewstearn

## Description

An interactive website consisting of a single page, whereupon one may fill out a (very) short survey and receive a recommendation for an Epicodus learning track therefrom. This site uses HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and Bootstrap.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository_
* _Open with text editor of your choice_

_OR_

* _View on GitHub Pages at: https://zacharymatthewstearn.github.io/trackSuggester/_

### License

Copyright (c) 2016 Zachary Matthewstearn

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add 'known' bugs section to README

README.md, after:

# Track Suggester

#### Track Suggester Exercise for Epicodus, 8/12/2016

#### By Zachary Matthewstearn

## Description

An interactive website consisting of a single page, whereupon one may fill out a (very) short survey and receive a recommendation for an Epicodus learning track therefrom. This site uses HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and Bootstrap.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository_
* _Open with text editor of your choice_

_OR_

* _View on GitHub Pages at: https://zacharymatthewstearn.github.io/trackSuggester/_

## Known Bugs

Bootstrap grid not working as designed at sizes medium and higher.

### License

Copyright (c) 2016 Zachary Matthewstearn

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
